KNX: Add `default_entity_id` config option for YAML entities (#44233)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/knx.markdown

    You can change the name in the Home Assistant UI.
  required: false
  type: string
default_entity_id:

>   description: Use `default_entity_id` instead of `name` to automatically generate the entity ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Sets a preferred initial entity ID instead of having it derived from name.
```

    For example, `sensor.my_awesome_sensor`.
    If the entity ID already exists, the entity ID is created with a number at the end.
    The `default_entity_id` is only used when the entity is added for the first time.
    After the entity is created, this configuration setting will no longer be used.
    You can change the entity ID in the Home Assistant UI.
  required: false
  type: string
entity_category:
  description: The [category](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/core/entity#generic-properties) of the entity.
  required: false
  type: string
  default: None
{% endconfiguration %}

```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry fragment for common entity configuration options
knx:
  sensor:

>     - name: "My awesome sensor"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - name: My awesome sensor
```
